## Description

Database Server should accept connections only from trusted Network(s)/IP(s) and restrict access from the world.

## Through the management console

### From Console

1. Logon to [RDS Console](https://rdsnext.console.aliyun.com/).
2. In the upper left corner, select the region where the target instance is located.
3. Locate the target instance and click its ID.
4. In the left-side navigation pane, click `Data Security` to visit the Security page.
5. On the `Whitelist Settings` tab page, follow below instructions based on your scenario:
   - To access the RDS instance from an ECS instance located within a VPC, click `Edit` for the default VPC whitelist.
   - To access the RDS instance from an ECS instance located within a classic network, click `Edit` for the default Classic Network whitelist.
   - To access the RDS instance from a server or computer located in a public network, click `Edit` for the default Classic Network whitelist.
6. In the displayed `Edit Whitelist` dialog box, remove any 0.0.0.0 or /0 entries, and only add the IP addresses that need to access the instance, and then click `OK`.
   - If you add an IP address range, such as 10.10.10.0/24, any IP address in 10.10.10.X format can access the RDS instance.
   - If you add multiple IP addresses or IP address ranges, separate them with a comma (without spaces), for example, 192.168.0.1,172.16.213.9.
   - You can click Add Internal IP Addresses of ECS Instance to display the IP addresses of all the ECS instances under your Alibaba Cloud account and add to the whitelist.