## Description:

RAM policies represent permissions that can be granted to users, groups, or roles. It is recommended and considered a standard security advice to grant least privilege—that is, granting only the permissions required to perform tasks. Determine what users need to do and then create policies with permissions only fits those tasks, instead of allowing full administrative privileges.

## Remediation:

Perform the following to detach the policy that has full administrative privileges and remove them:

### From Console:

1. Logon to [RAM console](https://ram.console.aliyun.com/overview).
2. Choose `Permissions > Policies`.
3. From the `Policy Type` drop-down list, select `Custom Policy`.
4. In the `Policy Name` column, click the name of the target policy.
5. In the `Policy Document` section, check whether the policy has a statement that includes `"Effect": "Allow"`, `"Action"`: `""`, and `"Resource": ""`.
   - If it does not, skip this section.
   - If it does, edit the policy to remove such statement or remove the policy from any RAM users, user groups, or roles that have this policy attached.
     - To edit the policy:
       - On the `Policy Document` tab, click `Modify Policy Document`.
       - Remove the entire `“Statement”` element which contains the full : administrative privilege, or modify it to a smaller permission.
     - To remove all references from the policy:
       - Go to the `References` tab, review if there is any reference of the custom policy.
       - For each reference, click `Revoke Permission`.
6. Click `OK`.

### From Command Line:

1. Run the following command to list all RAM users, groups, and roles to which the specified policy (i.e. policy with .) is attached:

```bash
aliyun ram ListEntitiesForPolicy --PolicyName <policy_name> --PolicyType Custom
```

2. Run the following command to detach the policy from all RAM users:

```bash
aliyun ram DetachPolicyFromUser --PolicyName <policy_name> --PolicyType Custom --UserName <ram_user>
```

3. Run the following command to detach the policy from all RAM user groups:

```bash
aliyun ram DetachPolicyFromGroup --PolicyName <policy_name> --PolicyType Custom --GroupName <ram_group>
```

4. Run the following command to detach the policy from all RAM roles:

```bash
aliyun ram DetachPolicyFromRole --PolicyName <policy_name> --PolicyType Custom --RoleName <ram_role>
```