## Description

An access key consists of an access key ID and a secret, which are used to sign programmatic requests that you make to Alibaba Cloud. RAM users need their own access keys to make programmatic calls to Alibaba Cloud from the Alibaba Cloud SDKs, CLIs, or direct HTTP/HTTPS calls using the APIs for individual Alibaba Cloud services. It is recommended that all access keys be regularly rotated.

## Remediation

Perform the following to determine if access keys are rotated within 90 days:

### From Console

1. Logon to [RAM console](https://ram.console.aliyun.com/overview).
2. In the left-side navigation pane, click `Users` under `Identities`.
3. In the `User Logon Name/Display Name` column, click the username of the target RAM user.
4. In the `User AccessKeys` section, click `Create AccessKey`.
5. Click `OK` to create a new AccessKy pair for rotation.
6. Update all applications and systems to use the new AccessKey pair.
7. Disable the original AccessKey pair by following below steps:
   - Log on to [RAM console](https://ram.console.aliyun.com/overview).
   - In the left-side navigation pane, click `Users` under `Identities`.
   - On the `Users` page, click username of the target RAM user in the `User Logon Name/Display Name` column.
   - In the `User AccessKeys` section, find the target `AccessKey` pair and click Disable.
8. Confirm that your applications and systems are working.
9. Delete the original AccessKey pair by following below steps:
   - Log on to [RAM console](https://ram.console.aliyun.com/overview).
   - In the left-side navigation pane, click Users under Identities.
   - In the `User Logon Name/Display Name` column, click the username of the target RAM user.
   - In the User `AccessKeys` section, find the target access keys and Click `Delete`.
   - In the dialog box that appears, select I am aware of the risk and confirm the deletion.
10. Click OK.

### From Command Line

-  Run the following command to delete an access key:

```bash
aliyun ram DeleteAccessKey --UserAccessKeyId <access_key_ID> --UserName <ram_user >
```
-  Run the following command to disable an active access key:

```bash
aliyun ram UpdateAccessKey --UserAccessKeyId <access_key_ID> --Status Inactive --UserName <ram_user>
```
- Run the following command to delete an access key:

```
aliyun ram DeleteAccessKey --UserAccessKeyId <access_key_ID> --UserName <ram_user >
```