## Description

With MFA enabled, anytime the “root” account logs on to Alibaba Cloud, it will be prompted for username and password followed by an authentication code from the virtual MFA device. It is recommended that MFA be enabled for the “root” user.

## Remediation

Perform the following to enable MFA for “root” account

### Using the management console:

1. Logon to [RAM console](https://ram.console.aliyun.com/overview) by using your Alibaba Cloud account (root account).
2. Move the pointer over the account icon in the upper-right corner and click  Security Settings`.
3. In the `Account Protection` section, Click Edit.
4. On the displayed page, select a scenario and select `TOTP`.
5. Click `Submit`.
6. On the displayed page, click `Verify now`.
7. Enter the `verification code` and click `Submit`.
8. Download and install a mobile application that supports `TOTP MFA`, such as Google Authenticator, on your mobile phone.
Note: If you already installed Google Authenticator, click `Next`.
   - For iOS: Install Google Authenticator from the App Store.
   - For Android: Install Google Authenticator from the Google Play Store.
- Note: You need to install a QR code scanner from the Google Play Store for Google Authenticator to identify QR codes.
9. After you install Google Authenticator, go back to the `Identity Verification` page and click `Next`.
10. Open Google Authenticator and tap `BEGIN SETUP`.
    - Tap Scan barcode and scan the QR code on the `Identity Verification` page.
    - Tap `Manual` entry, enter the username and key, and then tap the `check mark (√)` icon.
- Note: You can obtain the username and key by moving the pointer over `Scan failed` on the `Identity Verification` page.
11.  On the `Identity Verification` page, enter the 6-digit verification code obtained from Google Authenticator and click `Next`.
- Note: The verification code is refreshed at an interval of 30 seconds.