## Description

Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) adds an extra layer of protection on top of a username and password. With MFA enabled, when a user logs on to Alibaba Cloud, they will be prompted for their user name and password followed by an authentication code from their virtual MFA device. It is recommended that MFA be enabled for all users that have a console password.

## Remediation

### From Console

Perform the following to determine if an MFA device is enabled for all RAM users having a console password:

1. Logon to [RAM console](https://ram.console.aliyun.com/overview).
2. Choose `Identities > Users`.
3. In the `User Logon Name/Display Name` column, click the username of each RAM
user.
4. In the `Console Logon Management` section, click `Modify Logon Settings`.
5. Select `Enabled for Console Password Logon`, and `Required for Enable MFA`.
- Note: After you select `Enabled for Console Password Logon`, and `Required for Enable MFA` when modifying the logon settings of a RAM user, the user can go to `step 7` when logging on to the RAM console for the first time.
6. In the MFA Device section, click `Enable the device`.
7. Download and install Google Authenticator on your mobile phone.
   - For iOS: Install Google Authenticator from the App Store.
   - For Android: Install Google Authenticator from the Google Play Store.
- Note: You need to install a QR code scanner from the Google Play Store for Google Authenticator to identify QR codes.
8. Open Google Authenticator and tap `BEGIN SETUP`.
   - Tap Scan barcode and scan the QR code displayed on the `Scan the code` tab in the console.
   - Tap `Manual entry`, enter the username and key, and then tap the `check mark (√)` icon.
- Note: You can obtain the username and key from the `Retrieval manually enter information` tab in the console.
9. On the `Scan the code` tab, enter the two consecutive security codes obtained from
Google Authenticator and click `Enable`.
- Note: The security code is refreshed at an interval of 30 seconds.